so today I finally after I
believe more than a month of comminges and
finally received Madam here I have
obviously already watching but I 'm going
not open
what will say times will who I said
yes the next of yours on video
so even if I do not necessarily have the time
because that was my day of appeal
by the way I make a video on it
because what was gdf publicis
just epic
so that's it then I got my
entry already a comment ie
I'm a little disappointed because
not at all like what I
thought I really like my pretty but
good I'll try the customize and at
worst case I dream of makeup
famous played in different have
spoken separately at 100 m
so we already have a lot of little feathers
and where feathers on all sides
you wrote pink standards on the sides
yeah that's a bit more orange
Therefore period serves you clearly
his range punctates and the assault the
upmanship and August I think it's pretty
near the same hue and a little bit more
danger
the side is the same here is enough
pretty
there we see a little musical note
but you have to have a fact that's
ranking not even expensive enough
truchot co there above it's like that
and cadets
behind it's even so degrade as
usually the Japanese blabla boyfriend me
surely never our fair children
under sorter in my opinion it's because
that they saw that that's what this wore
not bad on the outside and so in fact
but these two days in mini game
federate to the human being there is a small
paragraph without removing
we saw everything she has to hold
in here is below all
basic and cloud form ya full of
more important it's a little brothel I
find the box she is pretty but
simple by habits but also
because he is to explain how
it works
some of the grandpas that seem to you
not conform to these young people are pals
are rather classic because it's
just and she glued one with the
other
that's the winger who cling to
clothes so here I unpacked the
Most of you but because I
do not say a little too much bread now
cc info inside the box is
like that what you see here is the
slab in fact normal and its flood and the
wheels satisfy
or his little card that's what I
not find anyone with too much behind
rival philips what are they
but valdes and public because if they
had good looking actually these were
the third and having a good that's why
so we have this is still a situation
quite strict
that's a bit like in the spas
bah schools in fact I think it's going you
Catholic school yesterday
but here I went quite pretty even
if all right around me shots of
boost your here it is julie d'asie
actually watch if I'm not mistaken
same size on one side or the other
cissé presents that his little quilt
it hardly stands out
really the meaning you have
and at eye level if I have
understood yeah that's the chat
So here is the state have no goatee
m tiberi by the way are a little disappointed
already it broke already while I
no flow here and it does not hold too much
the word seconds of the winner
it's supposed to be good and I'm going
must be the unsold ones no here with
santis dreams and a second outfit
for that I will not put him a bridge
which in fact in my opinion a holding
like the singers some rubble the
others push to stop small art
abstract but it's full of themes for
it's a bit of such a renown
series
this is the result still source to
all because then that's where there is
his little cape with the name below at
what is the name of a little
greedy parcel was no longer it
for prayers Catholics
so here she has a uniform that at
begging the little dress was pretty trick
schoolchildren par excellence and socks
and the shoes here are otherwise at the level
of the makeup world she is like that
with a make-up I only had very
hard and and brown it's rather
discreet these sauces they are pretty big
no level of the work I think I saw
change it depends on how it depends
it makes and 5 are there and they and the
juniors of the magic
So that's all for this little girl
pring review did you appreciate if
you enjoyed my do not hesitate to
share to see a lot of people
and especially to see his famous little
change lease